
25: talked to narasimha, damn, his girl also was on phone goddamn it. she coughed and i got to know that she was on phone. damn it aame kavalani chesindho real ga chesindho thelvadu kaani, i talked being sensing she listens to my words. damn and tripp untadhi damn girls ochesthe. naku/boys ki lowda. and we talked about manju and all. i told about ramudu 14 years vanavasam ani ala. and we learnt matlab under shobha rani ani cheppina, aparna is doing as TA teaching matlab to undergrads anta. ok cool i thought. and told the gujarathi uncle complement given to me lol. pinged chiru as it was bday, but didn't wished him, and he said, he sometimes thinks to go india and all this bullshit visa's and all. and now he doesn't have any interest in money all he wants is peaceful life he told. damn ankunna.

26: alex father is from south guyana/south america anta.

yesterday, one guy from children.org asked if i'm from country starts with I annadu. lol aadini nenu, said, i'm from Trinidad and Tobago ani cheppina. lol tripp ayyindu aadu. haha. i liked that trip. hehe. i won from my experiences.

prastuti lives in lincoln ave anta. pays $2000/month anta.

30: woke up at 0630hrs. brushed, took bath, ejaculated to champagne and diamonds, gabriela lopez. and got ready, had honey warm water. started to office around 0715hrs. paid -$3.20 at oakland avenue, started to office. reached by 0740hrs around, taking $60 cash at bofa atm. and there was Financial Focus Group, LLC free coffee today near cafeteria, cool. and so, i used the coupon, took buttermilk pancake, turkey link, potato fry thing, paid -$2.15 around. had breakfast. talked to mom, they thinking to take dakshith first hair cut on oct 2nd near yadagiri gutta anta, mom teeth is like pamu putta anta that dentist made like that anta. fucking dentist. and ekamber uncle is at somajiguda yasoda anta. and i talked to nana, amma. amma asked why i didn't called on her bday, chinna bhatukamma roju anta. damn ankunna. lol. and then, i took lite. and now time is 0837hrs. filled timesheet today as 30th month end is today. anwar phoned me and said, he will give me $500 referral bonus for each selected candidate. and not to tell cognizant/client or anyone he told. lol ok. and i had a meeting with deepa menon and jim the cybersecurity guy anta. fucking hell. from 1230hrs to 1245hrs. they roasted me again on Anydesk issue, got damn, this anydesk app is killing me. nuts. and i told i will not insert pendrive and all. then, i went to cafeteria, had chicken black bean soup, paid -$2 and then, i came up. connected with ankush for 1hr ala. and then, he couldn't resolve the issues. and now time is 1537hrs. got damn, need to focus on my work now.

29:S: woke up at 0900hrs around. brushed, then, had a blunt which was brought by bharath and guru from the maal broker. they came, and me, bhaskar, bharath, guru smoked the blunt. it gave good hit, and me, pradeep started making bru coffee, we all had them, it was good. and then, we had another joint, of girl scout cookies. and then, i booked -$22 greyhound ticket for pradeep from hartford union station to boston. cool. and i sent -$100 cash to his bofa for uber rides. but damn his account was in negative, damn and that $100 didn't came to use. fucking bullshit, i asked him before sending the money, he told to send to that number damn but it went waste. ok cool. and then, we got ready and started to godavari, via stopping at enterprise, for taking car. bharath, guru took the car for $45 geico code anta by using, all insurance also came under it anta. cool i thought. and we three reached godavari. and we had buffet full to. gobi manchuria was good, and ala. kaka gave junnu at the end it was too good. and rogan josh curry is kashimiri mutton anta kaka told. it was good. and then at the end, i paid -$49, bharath paid $45 around. total was around $86. we both paid, and we three started to home, while pradeep, bhaskar and me were in car, radiator heat was showing complete to Heat, i saw it and made stop the car, pradeep filled coolant and it happened good. and reached around 1500hrs. me, kaka watched bigg boss till 1600hrs. ravi got eliminated. i slept from 1630hrs to 1730hrs around. woke up, took bath, ejaculated to yosvely cantu. hot fucking boobs. and got ready, had another game green blunt ala at the end. and we got ready, and me, bharath started to back to jersey city. started around 1930hrs. kaka koncham emotional feel ayyadu as we departing ani ala. cool. and we both stopped at walmart, i took brush, scrub, looked for slippers of 99c goddamn i tripped so hard to find them, goddamn, circled like three to four times crazy tripp. and then, i bought gum, muffins and ala. i paid -$26 and we started. bharath drove ala. stopped at one citgo for his smoke and gas. he paid, i bought polar springs bottle paid -$2.11 for two bottles. started to new jersey. missed one toll unpaid of $2.75 we didn't had cash. ala. and then, we reached by 2250hrs. cool, bharath stopped and had a smoke i reached home, and he departed. i didn't do anything, slept around 0000hrs. pradeep told he is in disturbance as priya marriage got fixed anta. and he feeling bad he told. in all my trip, guru looked like actor in mrugam movie of aadhi. damn. same to same vibe i felt from him. damn.

28: woke up at 1000hrs around. didn't do anything, brushed ala. had a joint ala i guess. and then, bharat rolled one strong blunt, it was not lighting up good. bhaskar made one ziggy joint for parking lot in six flags. ala. but as that blunt was not lighting up good, me, bhaskar went to car and brought one small ziggy. while going from parking to the spot, we both saw a snake goddamn. i was about to take a step and that snake missed. cool. and we smoked that, and we all five started to six flags in new england. goddamn. i ate some biryani of night as brunch. it was tripp to walk from parking, tram #3 we parked. and we already got tired from walking till the booking. and one day pass is $72 anta, season pass is $66 anta. so we took season pass each ala. and bhaskar paid around $310 and we entered with lot of patience and form filling and all. and from 1600hrs to 1730hrs alone we waited for goliath tower ride. damn. there was a bag tripp, as they will allow or not. but they allowed. so cool. in the waiting goddamn, younger boys are having fun with younger babes. my dick was getting strong looking the chicks. goddamn. hott bitches everywhere. and then, me, guru stopped in line to get ice cream, akkadike our patience got lost and when i enquired there were no water rides for the season anta. goddamn. bharath/bhaskar/guru were dissappointed as they expected water rides. and we started to home around 1900hrs. after ice cream we stopped at haunted house entrance waited till 1830hrs and we learnt that we need $30 ticket to be purchased. goddamn. waste cotton business we thought. we took car. and started to home. stopped at one of the bofa atm, took $60 cash out from bhaskar for maal. and me, guru and pradeep went to liquor store to take cigarettes/beers. took newport platinum, marlboro red i paid -$24. and bhaskar took 8 mcchickens, two 10pc chicken nuggets, cheese burger with extra cheese for bharath, we waited at mcd for maal guy, he didn't showed up, so we five started to home. via stopping at total wine taking 6pack carlsberg, 6pk spaten munich the go to beer of guru anta. paid around -$23 and we started to home. had one joint. and had beers. ala. and after that we started watching jabardasth ala. and had another joint. and i smoked juul, juul was so similar to cigarette anta it gives a hit at throat similar like cigarette and that's why it got best selling vape anta. and i was little stable only i thought and urged bhaskar to smoke another one. and we all smoked another in the night. that was the last in the night. bhaskar somehow managed to make two rolls in the night. ala. nice. and we all had biryani in the night. and slept around 0300hrs around. modda biryani was too much, guru and bharath completed the biryani. goddamn i thought lol. pradeep was passing me cigarette, and realized i dont smoke and he kept away cigarette from me and touched the cigarette to my left knee. by being he tripped. i got +$2100 in my bank for my bnym salary, damn i was relieved a bit. as i have little money to survive my life i thought. cool. pradeep told he mukkina still he couldn't do london(potty) anta. he did say he goes to london before we about to light the joint. and he missed the joint damn. guru told, his mom saw the girl while he was in facetime ala he told. lol. bhaskar was playing with piano key board ala in guru home. bought -$10 worth one coke and one vitamin water. $5 each anta goddamn. 

27: woke up around 0730hrs. and then did nothing, bharath, guru were on laptops doing their offline work and all. i brushed, me, bharath started to coffee ala. went to starbucks, i took something, and he took something, i paid around -$17 and then we went to total wine, i took 6 pack of harpoon, lazy summer beer ala. i paid -$11 around. and we went to gas station, he bought dutch masters palma and game green. he paid. and then, we came home. had one joint and i started boozing beer and all. then, me, bharath, bhaskar and guru went to royal buffet for food. had octopus as special item. and guru had too much food ala. and we came back home. and had couple of joints ala. and in the evening around 1900hrs, me, pradeep and guru went to indian store, took groceries from bharath card and went to walmart for chicken and other stuff. came home. helped guru in making chicken biryani. and all. we marinated and pradeep made al jeera type thing with curd it was good. had that. and we all five started to bowling. and i had one blue moon, akkada waitress got tripped ani bhaskar said, looking at all of us 5 ID cards as different states. lol. and we played three games. paid $22 in total for person i guess. and $50 for our drinks, total $160 around i guess. damn. and then, we started to home around 0030hrs. smoked blunts/joints. damn it. while watching mr.nobody movie kept by guru. and he was making biryani. we smoked and slept and woke up had chicken biryani. crazy tripp was, there were no papers with guru anta, and when he came to bench at spot there were a paper book left by someone anta. crazy universe is speaking to us we felt lol. gave -$2 bill to guru for grill guy tip at royal buffet. damn in the night around 0300hrs i had the baddest trips and all, damn it. i got a dream that, no man i can't even write the shit i dreamt. fucking bull shit.

26: went to home around 1730hrs. started around 1640hrs. took journal square train. got down, walked to home. and room was pretty clean, cleaners cleaned the whole room. goddamn, for $80 i guess. and then, i trimmed my beard, took shower, ejaculated to nallely jazmin i guess. or not sure. was fucking excited to meet our homeboys and all. and watched bigg boss. had rice with chicken curry and lemon juice and little salt good combo it is. and i slept from 1900hrs to 2100hrs. woke up with bhaskar phone, saying in one and half hour they will reach me. cool i was pumped up and packed my stuff. and i filled my timesheets, emailed david lake, joakim and arunprasad, cool took tension off me for the weekend. and then, in the night around 2230hrs. boys came. cool i was waiting down. met bharath, pradeep and bhaskar. cool. pradeep came up to use restroom. and we all started to guru home. 265 slater street manchester, CT. cool. and stopped at gas station for their smoke and all. and in the night we stopped at burger king took whoppers and all. and in the car we ate wawa chicken/beef quesedilla. and around 0100hrs we reached guru home. room#317. cool. we smoked one joint at balcony and had burger, chicken nuggets and then, we slept around 0300hrs. i gave -$15 in cash for toll road. fucking bull shit is cognizant people kulhari or some lady called me and said, she wants to set up a cognizant manager call on friday/monday. damn i accepted for monday 1230hrs. damn. and anwar from nlb services called me and said Client is happy for my work. ala. he told. damn i was happy hearing those words. and then, he wants 3-4 profiles like me.    

